The Navy has some of the best retirement packages in the United States,
that's hands down. After you've been in for twenty years, then you're
allowed to have retirement. At the end of your twenty years, you
can either on say I would like to retire, or you can stay in up to
thirty years. So every year that you're in you get to have two and a
half percent longer than twenty years. At twenty years you get half
of your basic pay, so this is what I mean. The Navy gives you lots
of money while you're in based on certain things. Sixty percent of what
you make is your basic pay, then you get a little more for sustenance,
which is just the basic things that you need for your home. You
also get a little bit more for if you're on a submarine or not. Also
you get some more basic allowance for housing for your housing costs.
But sixty percent of that is your basic pay. So the navy gives
you half that at a twenty year point. I'm a chief, I make $4,500 per
month so they give me half of that at twenty years. If I chose to
stay in longer then the add on another two and a half percent, two and
a half percent, two and a half percent. Depending on what I retire
as, it can be up to thirty years, so at thirty years that'll be seventy
five percent of your basic pay. Now because I'm a chief I make
$4,500 per month, but they basically take your highest three months
of earning, and that's the cost that that they provide you for your
retirement.